[JavaScript] Add new concept excercise: array-destructuring (#2536)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/array-destructuring/.docs/after.md

> Array destructuring assignment is a concise way of extracting values from an array. Its syntax is similar to an array literal expression, but on the left-hand side of the assignment instead of the right.

Reviewer: Maybe we can link back to MDN on `destructuring assignment`: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment, same for `array literal expression`.

Author: Done.

```javascript
const frenchNumbers = ['quatre-vingts', 'quatre-vingt-dix', 'cent']

> const [80, 90, 100] = frenchNumbers

Reviewer: This actually doesn't compile! 

```suggestion
const [french80, french90, french100] = frenchNumbers
```

Author: Yikes, I really should've caught this one. Changed.

80
// => 'quatre-vingts'
90
// => 'quatre-vingt-dix'
100
// => 'cent'
```

> Because variables are mapped to values in the array by position, we can use destructuring syntax to reassign multiple variables in a single expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because variables are mapped to values in the array by position, destructuring syntax can be used to assign or re-assign multiple variables in a single expression.
```

Author: Changed.

```javascript
let a = 'orange'
let b = 'purple'
let c = 'green'

> ;[[a, b], c] = [[c, a], b]

Reviewer: This example shows nesting. I think it's better to first show a swap:

```javascript
let [a, b] = ['world', 'hello']
;[b, a] = [a, b]

a
// => 'hello'

b
// => 'world'
```

And then have a section on nesting.

Author: Done.

a
// => 'green'
b
// => 'orange'
c
// => 'purple'
```

> The positional mapping also means that if we want to extract fewer values than the array contains, we may need to use placeholders to specify which values should be ignored. This is only necessary if we need to "skip" over values to get to the ones we want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax allows to skip values when mapping, for example to ignore specific positions in the array.
```

Author: Changed.

In the example below, imagine we have a `getUserInfo` function that returns an array containing a user's first name, last name, and street address.

```javascript

> const [, , streetAddress] = getUserInfo() // skipping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
getUserInfo()
// => ["Valerie", "Noir", "Sunny Lane 523"]

const [, , streetAddress] = getUserInfo()

streetAddress
// => "Sunny Lane 523"
```

> 
> const [firstName, lastName] = getUserInfo() // no skipping
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The assignment is also not required to use all the values.

```javascript
const [firstName, lastName] = getUserInfo()

firstName
// => "Valerie"

lastName
// => "Noir"
```
````

> We can also extract _more_ values than the array contains; the leftover variables will simply be `undefined`. This might happen if we don't know ahead of time how many values the array will contain. If we want to make sure none of our variables end up `undefined`, we can set default values for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's even possible to extract _more_ values than the array contains; the leftover variables will be assigned `undefined`. This may be useful when the amount of values isn't known ahead of time.
```

```javascript

> const pickAtLeastOne = ['first choice', 'second choice']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const pickAtLeastOne = ['first choice', 'second choice']
const [first, second, third, fourth] = pickAtLeastOne

first
// => "first choice"

second
// => "second choice"

third
// => undefined

fourth
// => undefined
```

> const [1, 2='none selected', 3='none selected'] = pickAtLeastOne
> 
> 1
> // => 'first choice'
> 2
> // => 'second choice'
> 3
> // => 'none selected'
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

The array destructuring assignment can provide _default values_ in case there is none in the source array.

```
const [first, second, third="none selected", fourth] = pickAtLeastOne

third
// => 'none selected'

fourth
// => undefined
```
````

> Javascript has a built-in operator that makes it easier to work with indefinite numbers of elements. When `...` appears on the left-hand side of an assignment, it's known as the `rest` operator. It collects zero or more values into a single array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Javascript has a built-in operator that makes it easier to work with indefinite numbers of elements. When `...` appears on the left-hand side of an assignment, those three dots are known as the `rest` operator. The three dots together with a variable name is called a rest element. It collects zero or more values, and stores them into a single array.
```

Reviewer: Maybe also link back to MDN here.

```javascript
const [a, b, ...everythingElse] = [0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8]

a
// => 0
b
// => 1
everythingElse
// => [1, 2, 3, 5, 8]
```

> Note that in Javascript, unlike some other languages, a `rest` element cannot have a trailing comma. The example below would throw a `SyntaxError`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in JavaScript, unlike some other languages, a `rest` element cannot have a trailing comma. It _must_ be the last element in a destructuring assignment. The example below throws a `SyntaxError`:
```

```javascript
const [...items, last] = [2, 4, 8, 16]
```

> When `...` appears on the right-hand side of an assignment, it's known as the `spread` operator. It expands an array into a list of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `...` appears on the right-hand side of an assignment, it's known as the `spread` operator. It expands an array into a list of elements. Unlike the rest element, it can appear anywhere in an array literal expression, and there can be more than one.
```

```javascript
const oneToFive = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
const oneToTen = [...oneToFive, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

oneToTen
// => [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
const woow = ['A', ...oneToFive, 'B', 'C', 'D', 'E', ...oneToFive, 42]

woow 
// =>  ["A", 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, "B", "C", "D", "E", 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 42]
```
````
